classes/class_audioeffect.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/AudioEffect.xml.

.. _class_AudioEffect:

AudioEffect
===========

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`AudioEffectAmplify<class_AudioEffectAmplify>`, :ref:`AudioEffectCapture<class_AudioEffectCapture>`, :ref:`AudioEffectChorus<class_AudioEffectChorus>`, :ref:`AudioEffectCompressor<class_AudioEffectCompressor>`, :ref:`AudioEffectDelay<class_AudioEffectDelay>`, :ref:`AudioEffectDistortion<class_AudioEffectDistortion>`, :ref:`AudioEffectEQ<class_AudioEffectEQ>`, :ref:`AudioEffectFilter<class_AudioEffectFilter>`, :ref:`AudioEffectLimiter<class_AudioEffectLimiter>`, :ref:`AudioEffectPanner<class_AudioEffectPanner>`, :ref:`AudioEffectPhaser<class_AudioEffectPhaser>`, :ref:`AudioEffectPitchShift<class_AudioEffectPitchShift>`, :ref:`AudioEffectRecord<class_AudioEffectRecord>`, :ref:`AudioEffectReverb<class_AudioEffectReverb>`, :ref:`AudioEffectSpectrumAnalyzer<class_AudioEffectSpectrumAnalyzer>`, :ref:`AudioEffectStereoEnhance<class_AudioEffectStereoEnhance>`

Audio effect for audio.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Base resource for audio bus. Applies an audio effect on the bus that the resource is applied on.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- `Audio Mic Record Demo <https://godotengine.org/asset-library/asset/527>`__

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`AudioEffectInstance<class_AudioEffectInstance>` | :ref:`_instantiate<class_AudioEffect_method__instantiate>` **(** **)** |virtual| |
   +-------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_AudioEffect_method__instantiate:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`AudioEffectInstance<class_AudioEffectInstance>` **_instantiate** **(** **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (0c45ace)

classes/class_audioeffect.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/AudioEffect.xml.

.. _class_AudioEffect:

AudioEffect
===========

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`AudioEffectAmplify<class_AudioEffectAmplify>`, :ref:`AudioEffectCapture<class_AudioEffectCapture>`, :ref:`AudioEffectChorus<class_AudioEffectChorus>`, :ref:`AudioEffectCompressor<class_AudioEffectCompressor>`, :ref:`AudioEffectDelay<class_AudioEffectDelay>`, :ref:`AudioEffectDistortion<class_AudioEffectDistortion>`, :ref:`AudioEffectEQ<class_AudioEffectEQ>`, :ref:`AudioEffectFilter<class_AudioEffectFilter>`, :ref:`AudioEffectHardLimiter<class_AudioEffectHardLimiter>`, :ref:`AudioEffectLimiter<class_AudioEffectLimiter>`, :ref:`AudioEffectPanner<class_AudioEffectPanner>`, :ref:`AudioEffectPhaser<class_AudioEffectPhaser>`, :ref:`AudioEffectPitchShift<class_AudioEffectPitchShift>`, :ref:`AudioEffectRecord<class_AudioEffectRecord>`, :ref:`AudioEffectReverb<class_AudioEffectReverb>`, :ref:`AudioEffectSpectrumAnalyzer<class_AudioEffectSpectrumAnalyzer>`, :ref:`AudioEffectStereoEnhance<class_AudioEffectStereoEnhance>`

Base class for audio effect resources.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

The base :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` for every audio effect. In the editor, an audio effect can be added to the current bus layout through the Audio panel. At run-time, it is also possible to manipulate audio effects through :ref:`AudioServer.add_bus_effect<class_AudioServer_method_add_bus_effect>`, :ref:`AudioServer.remove_bus_effect<class_AudioServer_method_remove_bus_effect>`, and :ref:`AudioServer.get_bus_effect<class_AudioServer_method_get_bus_effect>`.

When applied on a bus, an audio effect creates a corresponding :ref:`AudioEffectInstance<class_AudioEffectInstance>`. The instance is directly responsible for manipulating the sound, based on the original audio effect's properties.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Audio buses <../tutorials/audio/audio_buses>`

- `Audio Microphone Record Demo <https://godotengine.org/asset-library/asset/2760>`__

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`AudioEffectInstance<class_AudioEffectInstance>` | :ref:`_instantiate<class_AudioEffect_private_method__instantiate>`\ (\ ) |virtual| |
   +-------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_AudioEffect_private_method__instantiate:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`AudioEffectInstance<class_AudioEffectInstance>` **_instantiate**\ (\ ) |virtual| :ref:`🔗<class_AudioEffect_private_method__instantiate>`

Override this method to customize the :ref:`AudioEffectInstance<class_AudioEffectInstance>` created when this effect is applied on a bus in the editor's Audio panel, or through :ref:`AudioServer.add_bus_effect<class_AudioServer_method_add_bus_effect>`.

::

    extends AudioEffect
    
    @export var strength = 4.0
    
    func _instantiate():
        var effect = CustomAudioEffectInstance.new()
        effect.base = self
    
        return effect

\ **Note:** It is recommended to keep a reference to the original **AudioEffect** in the new instance. Depending on the implementation this allows the effect instance to listen for changes at run-time and be modified accordingly.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
.. |void| replace:: :abbr:`void (No return value.)`
