classes/class_script.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/Script.xml.

.. _class_Script:

Script
======

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`CSharpScript<class_CSharpScript>`, :ref:`GDScript<class_GDScript>`, :ref:`ScriptExtension<class_ScriptExtension>`

A class stored as a resource.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A class stored as a resource. A script extends the functionality of all objects that instantiate it.

This is the base class for all scripts and should not be used directly. Trying to create a new script with this class will result in an error.

The ``new`` method of a script subclass creates a new instance. :ref:`Object.set_script<class_Object_method_set_script>` extends an existing object, if that object's class matches one of the script's base classes.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Scripting documentation index <../tutorials/scripting/index>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`source_code<class_Script_property_source_code>` |
   +-----------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`               | :ref:`can_instantiate<class_Script_method_can_instantiate>` **(** **)** |const|                                                            |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Script<class_Script>`           | :ref:`get_base_script<class_Script_method_get_base_script>` **(** **)** |const|                                                            |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>`   | :ref:`get_instance_base_type<class_Script_method_get_instance_base_type>` **(** **)** |const|                                              |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Variant<class_Variant>`         | :ref:`get_property_default_value<class_Script_method_get_property_default_value>` **(** :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` property **)** |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>`   | :ref:`get_script_constant_map<class_Script_method_get_script_constant_map>` **(** **)**                                                    |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Dictionary[]<class_Dictionary>` | :ref:`get_script_method_list<class_Script_method_get_script_method_list>` **(** **)**                                                      |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Dictionary[]<class_Dictionary>` | :ref:`get_script_property_list<class_Script_method_get_script_property_list>` **(** **)**                                                  |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Dictionary[]<class_Dictionary>` | :ref:`get_script_signal_list<class_Script_method_get_script_signal_list>` **(** **)**                                                      |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`               | :ref:`has_script_signal<class_Script_method_has_script_signal>` **(** :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` signal_name **)** |const|        |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`               | :ref:`has_source_code<class_Script_method_has_source_code>` **(** **)** |const|                                                            |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`               | :ref:`instance_has<class_Script_method_instance_has>` **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` base_object **)** |const|                          |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`               | :ref:`is_tool<class_Script_method_is_tool>` **(** **)** |const|                                                                            |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>` | :ref:`reload<class_Script_method_reload>` **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` keep_state=false **)**                                             |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_Script_property_source_code:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **source_code**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_source_code** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` value **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_source_code** **(** **)**

The script source code or an empty string if source code is not available. When set, does not reload the class implementation automatically.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_Script_method_can_instantiate:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **can_instantiate** **(** **)** |const|

Returns ``true`` if the script can be instantiated.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_get_base_script:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Script<class_Script>` **get_base_script** **(** **)** |const|

Returns the script directly inherited by this script.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_get_instance_base_type:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` **get_instance_base_type** **(** **)** |const|

Returns the script's base type.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_get_property_default_value:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Variant<class_Variant>` **get_property_default_value** **(** :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` property **)**

Returns the default value of the specified property.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_get_script_constant_map:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` **get_script_constant_map** **(** **)**

Returns a dictionary containing constant names and their values.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_get_script_method_list:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Dictionary[]<class_Dictionary>` **get_script_method_list** **(** **)**

Returns the list of methods in this **Script**.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_get_script_property_list:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Dictionary[]<class_Dictionary>` **get_script_property_list** **(** **)**

Returns the list of properties in this **Script**.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_get_script_signal_list:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Dictionary[]<class_Dictionary>` **get_script_signal_list** **(** **)**

Returns the list of user signals defined in this **Script**.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_has_script_signal:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **has_script_signal** **(** :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` signal_name **)** |const|

Returns ``true`` if the script, or a base class, defines a signal with the given name.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_has_source_code:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **has_source_code** **(** **)** |const|

Returns ``true`` if the script contains non-empty source code.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_instance_has:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **instance_has** **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` base_object **)** |const|

Returns ``true`` if ``base_object`` is an instance of this script.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_is_tool:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_tool** **(** **)** |const|

Returns ``true`` if the script is a tool script. A tool script can run in the editor.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_reload:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>` **reload** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` keep_state=false **)**

Reloads the script's class implementation. Returns an error code.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (f8a2a91)

classes/class_script.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/Script.xml.

.. _class_Script:

Script
======

**Inherits:** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`CSharpScript<class_CSharpScript>`, :ref:`GDScript<class_GDScript>`, :ref:`ScriptExtension<class_ScriptExtension>`

A class stored as a resource.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A class stored as a resource. A script extends the functionality of all objects that instantiate it.

This is the base class for all scripts and should not be used directly. Trying to create a new script with this class will result in an error.

The ``new`` method of a script subclass creates a new instance. :ref:`Object.set_script<class_Object_method_set_script>` extends an existing object, if that object's class matches one of the script's base classes.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Scripting documentation index <../tutorials/scripting/index>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`source_code<class_Script_property_source_code>` |
   +-----------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`               | :ref:`can_instantiate<class_Script_method_can_instantiate>` **(** **)** |const|                                                            |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Script<class_Script>`           | :ref:`get_base_script<class_Script_method_get_base_script>` **(** **)** |const|                                                            |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>`   | :ref:`get_instance_base_type<class_Script_method_get_instance_base_type>` **(** **)** |const|                                              |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Variant<class_Variant>`         | :ref:`get_property_default_value<class_Script_method_get_property_default_value>` **(** :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` property **)** |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>`   | :ref:`get_script_constant_map<class_Script_method_get_script_constant_map>` **(** **)**                                                    |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Dictionary[]<class_Dictionary>` | :ref:`get_script_method_list<class_Script_method_get_script_method_list>` **(** **)**                                                      |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Dictionary[]<class_Dictionary>` | :ref:`get_script_property_list<class_Script_method_get_script_property_list>` **(** **)**                                                  |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Dictionary[]<class_Dictionary>` | :ref:`get_script_signal_list<class_Script_method_get_script_signal_list>` **(** **)**                                                      |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`               | :ref:`has_script_signal<class_Script_method_has_script_signal>` **(** :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` signal_name **)** |const|        |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`               | :ref:`has_source_code<class_Script_method_has_source_code>` **(** **)** |const|                                                            |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`               | :ref:`instance_has<class_Script_method_instance_has>` **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` base_object **)** |const|                          |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`               | :ref:`is_abstract<class_Script_method_is_abstract>` **(** **)** |const|                                                                    |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`               | :ref:`is_tool<class_Script_method_is_tool>` **(** **)** |const|                                                                            |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>` | :ref:`reload<class_Script_method_reload>` **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` keep_state=false **)**                                             |
   +---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_Script_property_source_code:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **source_code**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_source_code** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` value **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_source_code** **(** **)**

The script source code or an empty string if source code is not available. When set, does not reload the class implementation automatically.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_Script_method_can_instantiate:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **can_instantiate** **(** **)** |const|

Returns ``true`` if the script can be instantiated.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_get_base_script:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Script<class_Script>` **get_base_script** **(** **)** |const|

Returns the script directly inherited by this script.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_get_instance_base_type:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` **get_instance_base_type** **(** **)** |const|

Returns the script's base type.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_get_property_default_value:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Variant<class_Variant>` **get_property_default_value** **(** :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` property **)**

Returns the default value of the specified property.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_get_script_constant_map:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Dictionary<class_Dictionary>` **get_script_constant_map** **(** **)**

Returns a dictionary containing constant names and their values.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_get_script_method_list:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Dictionary[]<class_Dictionary>` **get_script_method_list** **(** **)**

Returns the list of methods in this **Script**.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_get_script_property_list:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Dictionary[]<class_Dictionary>` **get_script_property_list** **(** **)**

Returns the list of properties in this **Script**.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_get_script_signal_list:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Dictionary[]<class_Dictionary>` **get_script_signal_list** **(** **)**

Returns the list of user signals defined in this **Script**.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_has_script_signal:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **has_script_signal** **(** :ref:`StringName<class_StringName>` signal_name **)** |const|

Returns ``true`` if the script, or a base class, defines a signal with the given name.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_has_source_code:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **has_source_code** **(** **)** |const|

Returns ``true`` if the script contains non-empty source code.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_instance_has:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **instance_has** **(** :ref:`Object<class_Object>` base_object **)** |const|

Returns ``true`` if ``base_object`` is an instance of this script.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_is_abstract:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_abstract** **(** **)** |const|

Returns ``true`` if the script is an abstract script. An abstract script does not have a constructor and cannot be instantiated.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_is_tool:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_tool** **(** **)** |const|

Returns ``true`` if the script is a tool script. A tool script can run in the editor.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_Script_method_reload:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Error<enum_@GlobalScope_Error>` **reload** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` keep_state=false **)**

Reloads the script's class implementation. Returns an error code.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
