classes/class_visualshadernodecomment.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/VisualShaderNodeComment.xml.

.. _class_VisualShaderNodeComment:

VisualShaderNodeComment
=======================

**Inherits:** :ref:`VisualShaderNodeResizableBase<class_VisualShaderNodeResizableBase>` **<** :ref:`VisualShaderNode<class_VisualShaderNode>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

A comment node to be placed on visual shader graph.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A resizable rectangular area with changeable :ref:`title<class_VisualShaderNodeComment_property_title>` and :ref:`description<class_VisualShaderNodeComment_property_description>` used for better organizing of other visual shader nodes.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`description<class_VisualShaderNodeComment_property_description>` | ``""``        |
   +-----------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`title<class_VisualShaderNodeComment_property_title>`             | ``"Comment"`` |
   +-----------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_VisualShaderNodeComment_property_description:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **description** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_description** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` value **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_description** **(** **)**

An additional description which placed below the title.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_VisualShaderNodeComment_property_title:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **title** = ``"Comment"``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_title** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` value **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_title** **(** **)**

A title of the node.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (b7feebe)

classes/class_visualshadernodecomment.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/VisualShaderNodeComment.xml.

.. _class_VisualShaderNodeComment:

VisualShaderNodeComment
=======================

**Deprecated:** This class has no function anymore and only exists for compatibility.

**Inherits:** :ref:`VisualShaderNodeFrame<class_VisualShaderNodeFrame>` **<** :ref:`VisualShaderNodeResizableBase<class_VisualShaderNodeResizableBase>` **<** :ref:`VisualShaderNode<class_VisualShaderNode>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Only exists for compatibility. Use :ref:`VisualShaderNodeFrame<class_VisualShaderNodeFrame>` as a replacement.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

This node was replaced by :ref:`VisualShaderNodeFrame<class_VisualShaderNodeFrame>` and only exists to preserve compatibility. In the :ref:`VisualShader<class_VisualShader>` editor it behaves exactly like :ref:`VisualShaderNodeFrame<class_VisualShaderNodeFrame>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`description<class_VisualShaderNodeComment_property_description>` | ``""`` |
   +-----------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_VisualShaderNodeComment_property_description:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **description** = ``""``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- |void| **set_description**\ (\ value\: :ref:`String<class_String>`\ )
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_description**\ (\ )

This property only exists to preserve data authored in earlier versions of Godot. It has currently no function.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
.. |void| replace:: :abbr:`void (No return value.)`
