classes/class_editorexportplatformweb.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/platform/web/doc_classes/EditorExportPlatformWeb.xml.

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb:

EditorExportPlatformWeb
=======================

**Inherits:** :ref:`EditorExportPlatform<class_EditorExportPlatform>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Exporter for the Web.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Exporting for the Web <../tutorials/export/exporting_for_web>`

- :doc:`Web documentation index <../tutorials/platform/web/index>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`custom_template/debug<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_custom_template/debug>`                               |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`custom_template/release<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_custom_template/release>`                           |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`       | :ref:`html/canvas_resize_policy<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/canvas_resize_policy>`                       |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`html/custom_html_shell<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/custom_html_shell>`                             |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`     | :ref:`html/experimental_virtual_keyboard<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/experimental_virtual_keyboard>`     |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`     | :ref:`html/export_icon<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/export_icon>`                                         |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`     | :ref:`html/focus_canvas_on_start<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/focus_canvas_on_start>`                     |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`html/head_include<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/head_include>`                                       |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>`   | :ref:`progressive_web_app/background_color<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/background_color>` |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`       | :ref:`progressive_web_app/display<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/display>`                   |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`     | :ref:`progressive_web_app/enabled<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/enabled>`                   |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`progressive_web_app/icon_144x144<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/icon_144x144>`         |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`progressive_web_app/icon_180x180<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/icon_180x180>`         |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`progressive_web_app/icon_512x512<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/icon_512x512>`         |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`progressive_web_app/offline_page<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/offline_page>`         |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`       | :ref:`progressive_web_app/orientation<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/orientation>`           |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`     | :ref:`variant/extensions_support<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_variant/extensions_support>`                     |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`     | :ref:`vram_texture_compression/for_desktop<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_vram_texture_compression/for_desktop>` |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`     | :ref:`vram_texture_compression/for_mobile<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_vram_texture_compression/for_mobile>`   |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_custom_template/debug:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **custom_template/debug**

Path to the custom export template. If left empty, default template is used.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_custom_template/release:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **custom_template/release**

Path to the custom export template. If left empty, default template is used.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/canvas_resize_policy:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **html/canvas_resize_policy**

The canvas resize policy determines how the canvas should be resized by Godot.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/custom_html_shell:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **html/custom_html_shell**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/experimental_virtual_keyboard:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **html/experimental_virtual_keyboard**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/export_icon:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **html/export_icon**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/focus_canvas_on_start:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **html/focus_canvas_on_start**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/head_include:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **html/head_include**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/background_color:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **progressive_web_app/background_color**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/display:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **progressive_web_app/display**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/enabled:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **progressive_web_app/enabled**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/icon_144x144:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **progressive_web_app/icon_144x144**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/icon_180x180:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **progressive_web_app/icon_180x180**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/icon_512x512:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **progressive_web_app/icon_512x512**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/offline_page:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **progressive_web_app/offline_page**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/orientation:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **progressive_web_app/orientation**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_variant/extensions_support:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **variant/extensions_support**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_vram_texture_compression/for_desktop:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **vram_texture_compression/for_desktop**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_vram_texture_compression/for_mobile:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **vram_texture_compression/for_mobile**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (4e990cd)

classes/class_editorexportplatformweb.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/platform/web/doc_classes/EditorExportPlatformWeb.xml.

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb:

EditorExportPlatformWeb
=======================

**Inherits:** :ref:`EditorExportPlatform<class_EditorExportPlatform>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Exporter for the Web.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Exporting for the Web <../tutorials/export/exporting_for_web>`

- :doc:`Web documentation index <../tutorials/platform/web/index>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`custom_template/debug<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_custom_template/debug>`                               |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`custom_template/release<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_custom_template/release>`                           |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`       | :ref:`html/canvas_resize_policy<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/canvas_resize_policy>`                       |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`html/custom_html_shell<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/custom_html_shell>`                             |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`     | :ref:`html/experimental_virtual_keyboard<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/experimental_virtual_keyboard>`     |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`     | :ref:`html/export_icon<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/export_icon>`                                         |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`     | :ref:`html/focus_canvas_on_start<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/focus_canvas_on_start>`                     |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`html/head_include<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/head_include>`                                       |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Color<class_Color>`   | :ref:`progressive_web_app/background_color<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/background_color>` |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`       | :ref:`progressive_web_app/display<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/display>`                   |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`     | :ref:`progressive_web_app/enabled<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/enabled>`                   |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`progressive_web_app/icon_144x144<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/icon_144x144>`         |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`progressive_web_app/icon_180x180<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/icon_180x180>`         |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`progressive_web_app/icon_512x512<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/icon_512x512>`         |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`progressive_web_app/offline_page<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/offline_page>`         |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`       | :ref:`progressive_web_app/orientation<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/orientation>`           |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`     | :ref:`variant/extensions_support<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_variant/extensions_support>`                     |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`     | :ref:`variant/thread_support<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_variant/thread_support>`                             |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`     | :ref:`vram_texture_compression/for_desktop<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_vram_texture_compression/for_desktop>` |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`     | :ref:`vram_texture_compression/for_mobile<class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_vram_texture_compression/for_mobile>`   |
   +-----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_custom_template/debug:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **custom_template/debug**

Path to the custom export template. If left empty, default template is used.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_custom_template/release:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **custom_template/release**

Path to the custom export template. If left empty, default template is used.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/canvas_resize_policy:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **html/canvas_resize_policy**

The canvas resize policy determines how the canvas should be resized by Godot.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/custom_html_shell:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **html/custom_html_shell**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/experimental_virtual_keyboard:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **html/experimental_virtual_keyboard**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/export_icon:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **html/export_icon**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/focus_canvas_on_start:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **html/focus_canvas_on_start**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_html/head_include:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **html/head_include**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/background_color:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Color<class_Color>` **progressive_web_app/background_color**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/display:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **progressive_web_app/display**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/enabled:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **progressive_web_app/enabled**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/icon_144x144:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **progressive_web_app/icon_144x144**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/icon_180x180:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **progressive_web_app/icon_180x180**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/icon_512x512:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **progressive_web_app/icon_512x512**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/offline_page:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **progressive_web_app/offline_page**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_progressive_web_app/orientation:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **progressive_web_app/orientation**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_variant/extensions_support:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **variant/extensions_support**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_variant/thread_support:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **variant/thread_support**

If enabled, the exported game will support threads. It requires `a "cross-origin isolated" website <https://web.dev/articles/coop-coep>`__, which can be difficult to setup and brings some limitations (e.g. not being able to communicate with third-party websites).

If disabled, the exported game will not support threads. As a result, it is more prone to performance and audio issues, but will only require to be run on a HTTPS website.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_vram_texture_compression/for_desktop:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **vram_texture_compression/for_desktop**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorExportPlatformWeb_property_vram_texture_compression/for_mobile:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **vram_texture_compression/for_mobile**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
