classes/class_audioeffectinstance.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/AudioEffectInstance.xml.

.. _class_AudioEffectInstance:

AudioEffectInstance
===================

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`AudioEffectSpectrumAnalyzerInstance<class_AudioEffectSpectrumAnalyzerInstance>`

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this class. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                    | :ref:`_process<class_AudioEffectInstance_method__process>` **(** const void* src_buffer, AudioFrame* dst_buffer, :ref:`int<class_int>` frame_count **)** |virtual| |
   +-------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | :ref:`_process_silence<class_AudioEffectInstance_method__process_silence>` **(** **)** |virtual| |const|                                                           |
   +-------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_AudioEffectInstance_method__process:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **_process** **(** const void* src_buffer, AudioFrame* dst_buffer, :ref:`int<class_int>` frame_count **)** |virtual|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AudioEffectInstance_method__process_silence:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **_process_silence** **(** **)** |virtual| |const|

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (44fa552)

classes/class_audioeffectinstance.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/AudioEffectInstance.xml.

.. _class_AudioEffectInstance:

AudioEffectInstance
===================

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`AudioEffectSpectrumAnalyzerInstance<class_AudioEffectSpectrumAnalyzerInstance>`

Manipulates the audio it receives for a given effect.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

An audio effect instance manipulates the audio it receives for a given effect. This instance is automatically created by an :ref:`AudioEffect<class_AudioEffect>` when it is added to a bus, and should usually not be created directly. If necessary, it can be fetched at run-time with :ref:`AudioServer.get_bus_effect_instance<class_AudioServer_method_get_bus_effect_instance>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Audio buses <../tutorials/audio/audio_buses>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | |void|                  | :ref:`_process<class_AudioEffectInstance_private_method__process>`\ (\ src_buffer\: ``const void*``, dst_buffer\: ``AudioFrame*``, frame_count\: :ref:`int<class_int>`\ ) |virtual| |
   +-------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | :ref:`_process_silence<class_AudioEffectInstance_private_method__process_silence>`\ (\ ) |virtual| |const|                                                                          |
   +-------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_AudioEffectInstance_private_method__process:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

|void| **_process**\ (\ src_buffer\: ``const void*``, dst_buffer\: ``AudioFrame*``, frame_count\: :ref:`int<class_int>`\ ) |virtual| :ref:`🔗<class_AudioEffectInstance_private_method__process>`

Called by the :ref:`AudioServer<class_AudioServer>` to process this effect. When :ref:`_process_silence<class_AudioEffectInstance_private_method__process_silence>` is not overridden or it returns ``false``, this method is called only when the bus is active.

\ **Note:** It is not useful to override this method in GDScript or C#. Only GDExtension can take advantage of it.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AudioEffectInstance_private_method__process_silence:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **_process_silence**\ (\ ) |virtual| |const| :ref:`🔗<class_AudioEffectInstance_private_method__process_silence>`

Override this method to customize the processing behavior of this effect instance.

Should return ``true`` to force the :ref:`AudioServer<class_AudioServer>` to always call :ref:`_process<class_AudioEffectInstance_private_method__process>`, even if the bus has been muted or cannot otherwise be heard.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
.. |void| replace:: :abbr:`void (No return value.)`
