classes/class_omnilight3d.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/OmniLight3D.xml.

.. _class_OmniLight3D:

OmniLight3D
===========

**Inherits:** :ref:`Light3D<class_Light3D>` **<** :ref:`VisualInstance3D<class_VisualInstance3D>` **<** :ref:`Node3D<class_Node3D>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Omnidirectional light, such as a light bulb or a candle.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

An Omnidirectional light is a type of :ref:`Light3D<class_Light3D>` that emits light in all directions. The light is attenuated by distance and this attenuation can be configured by changing its energy, radius, and attenuation parameters.

\ **Note:** When using the Mobile rendering method, only 8 omni lights can be displayed on each mesh resource. Attempting to display more than 8 omni lights on a single mesh resource will result in omni lights flickering in and out as the camera moves. When using the Compatibility rendering method, only 8 omni lights can be displayed on each mesh resource by default, but this can be increased by adjusting :ref:`ProjectSettings.rendering/limits/opengl/max_lights_per_object<class_ProjectSettings_property_rendering/limits/opengl/max_lights_per_object>`.

\ **Note:** When using the Mobile or Compatibility rendering methods, omni lights will only correctly affect meshes whose visibility AABB intersects with the light's AABB. If using a shader to deform the mesh in a way that makes it go outside its AABB, :ref:`GeometryInstance3D.extra_cull_margin<class_GeometryInstance3D_property_extra_cull_margin>` must be increased on the mesh. Otherwise, the light may not be visible on the mesh.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`3D lights and shadows <../tutorials/3d/lights_and_shadows>`

- :doc:`Faking global illumination <../tutorials/3d/global_illumination/faking_global_illumination>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                      | :ref:`omni_attenuation<class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_attenuation>` | ``1.0``                                                                       |
   +------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                      | :ref:`omni_range<class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_range>`             | ``5.0``                                                                       |
   +------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`ShadowMode<enum_OmniLight3D_ShadowMode>` | :ref:`omni_shadow_mode<class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_shadow_mode>` | ``1``                                                                         |
   +------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                      | shadow_normal_bias                                                   | ``1.0`` (overrides :ref:`Light3D<class_Light3D_property_shadow_normal_bias>`) |
   +------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Enumerations
------------

.. _enum_OmniLight3D_ShadowMode:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **ShadowMode**:

.. _class_OmniLight3D_constant_SHADOW_DUAL_PARABOLOID:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`ShadowMode<enum_OmniLight3D_ShadowMode>` **SHADOW_DUAL_PARABOLOID** = ``0``

Shadows are rendered to a dual-paraboloid texture. Faster than :ref:`SHADOW_CUBE<class_OmniLight3D_constant_SHADOW_CUBE>`, but lower-quality.

.. _class_OmniLight3D_constant_SHADOW_CUBE:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`ShadowMode<enum_OmniLight3D_ShadowMode>` **SHADOW_CUBE** = ``1``

Shadows are rendered to a cubemap. Slower than :ref:`SHADOW_DUAL_PARABOLOID<class_OmniLight3D_constant_SHADOW_DUAL_PARABOLOID>`, but higher-quality.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_attenuation:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **omni_attenuation** = ``1.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_param** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_param** **(** **)**

The light's attenuation (drop-off) curve. A number of presets are available in the **Inspector** by right-clicking the curve. Zero and negative values are allowed but can produce unusual effects.

\ **Note:** Very high :ref:`omni_attenuation<class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_attenuation>` values (typically above 10) can impact performance negatively if the light is made to use a larger :ref:`omni_range<class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_range>` to compensate. This is because culling opportunities will become less common and shading costs will be increased (as the light will cover more pixels on screen while resulting in the same amount of brightness). To improve performance, use the lowest :ref:`omni_attenuation<class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_attenuation>` value possible for the visuals you're trying to achieve.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_range:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **omni_range** = ``5.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_param** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_param** **(** **)**

The light's radius. Note that the effectively lit area may appear to be smaller depending on the :ref:`omni_attenuation<class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_attenuation>` in use. No matter the :ref:`omni_attenuation<class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_attenuation>` in use, the light will never reach anything outside this radius.

\ **Note:** :ref:`omni_range<class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_range>` is not affected by :ref:`Node3D.scale<class_Node3D_property_scale>` (the light's scale or its parent's scale).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_shadow_mode:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`ShadowMode<enum_OmniLight3D_ShadowMode>` **omni_shadow_mode** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_shadow_mode** **(** :ref:`ShadowMode<enum_OmniLight3D_ShadowMode>` value **)**
- :ref:`ShadowMode<enum_OmniLight3D_ShadowMode>` **get_shadow_mode** **(** **)**

See :ref:`ShadowMode<enum_OmniLight3D_ShadowMode>`.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (029aade)

classes/class_omnilight3d.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. meta::
	:keywords: point

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/OmniLight3D.xml.

.. _class_OmniLight3D:

OmniLight3D
===========

**Inherits:** :ref:`Light3D<class_Light3D>` **<** :ref:`VisualInstance3D<class_VisualInstance3D>` **<** :ref:`Node3D<class_Node3D>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Omnidirectional light, such as a light bulb or a candle.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

An Omnidirectional light is a type of :ref:`Light3D<class_Light3D>` that emits light in all directions. The light is attenuated by distance and this attenuation can be configured by changing its energy, radius, and attenuation parameters.

\ **Note:** When using the Mobile rendering method, only 8 omni lights can be displayed on each mesh resource. Attempting to display more than 8 omni lights on a single mesh resource will result in omni lights flickering in and out as the camera moves. When using the Compatibility rendering method, only 8 omni lights can be displayed on each mesh resource by default, but this can be increased by adjusting :ref:`ProjectSettings.rendering/limits/opengl/max_lights_per_object<class_ProjectSettings_property_rendering/limits/opengl/max_lights_per_object>`.

\ **Note:** When using the Mobile or Compatibility rendering methods, omni lights will only correctly affect meshes whose visibility AABB intersects with the light's AABB. If using a shader to deform the mesh in a way that makes it go outside its AABB, :ref:`GeometryInstance3D.extra_cull_margin<class_GeometryInstance3D_property_extra_cull_margin>` must be increased on the mesh. Otherwise, the light may not be visible on the mesh.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`3D lights and shadows <../tutorials/3d/lights_and_shadows>`

- :doc:`Faking global illumination <../tutorials/3d/global_illumination/faking_global_illumination>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                      | :ref:`omni_attenuation<class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_attenuation>` | ``1.0``                                                                       |
   +------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                      | :ref:`omni_range<class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_range>`             | ``5.0``                                                                       |
   +------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`ShadowMode<enum_OmniLight3D_ShadowMode>` | :ref:`omni_shadow_mode<class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_shadow_mode>` | ``1``                                                                         |
   +------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                      | shadow_normal_bias                                                   | ``1.0`` (overrides :ref:`Light3D<class_Light3D_property_shadow_normal_bias>`) |
   +------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Enumerations
------------

.. _enum_OmniLight3D_ShadowMode:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **ShadowMode**:

.. _class_OmniLight3D_constant_SHADOW_DUAL_PARABOLOID:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`ShadowMode<enum_OmniLight3D_ShadowMode>` **SHADOW_DUAL_PARABOLOID** = ``0``

Shadows are rendered to a dual-paraboloid texture. Faster than :ref:`SHADOW_CUBE<class_OmniLight3D_constant_SHADOW_CUBE>`, but lower-quality.

.. _class_OmniLight3D_constant_SHADOW_CUBE:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`ShadowMode<enum_OmniLight3D_ShadowMode>` **SHADOW_CUBE** = ``1``

Shadows are rendered to a cubemap. Slower than :ref:`SHADOW_DUAL_PARABOLOID<class_OmniLight3D_constant_SHADOW_DUAL_PARABOLOID>`, but higher-quality.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_attenuation:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **omni_attenuation** = ``1.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- |void| **set_param**\ (\ value\: :ref:`float<class_float>`\ )
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_param**\ (\ )

Controls the distance attenuation function for omnilights.

A value of ``0.0`` smoothly attenuates light at the edge of the range. A value of ``1.0`` approaches a physical lighting model. A value of ``0.5`` approximates linear attenuation.

\ **Note:** Setting it to ``1.0`` may result in distant objects receiving minimal light, even within range. For example, with a range of ``4096``, an object at ``100`` units receives less than ``0.1`` energy.

\ **Note:** Using negative or values higher than ``10.0`` may lead to unexpected results.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_range:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **omni_range** = ``5.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- |void| **set_param**\ (\ value\: :ref:`float<class_float>`\ )
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_param**\ (\ )

The light's radius. Note that the effectively lit area may appear to be smaller depending on the :ref:`omni_attenuation<class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_attenuation>` in use. No matter the :ref:`omni_attenuation<class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_attenuation>` in use, the light will never reach anything outside this radius.

\ **Note:** :ref:`omni_range<class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_range>` is not affected by :ref:`Node3D.scale<class_Node3D_property_scale>` (the light's scale or its parent's scale).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_OmniLight3D_property_omni_shadow_mode:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`ShadowMode<enum_OmniLight3D_ShadowMode>` **omni_shadow_mode** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- |void| **set_shadow_mode**\ (\ value\: :ref:`ShadowMode<enum_OmniLight3D_ShadowMode>`\ )
- :ref:`ShadowMode<enum_OmniLight3D_ShadowMode>` **get_shadow_mode**\ (\ )

See :ref:`ShadowMode<enum_OmniLight3D_ShadowMode>`.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
.. |void| replace:: :abbr:`void (No return value.)`
