classes/class_missingnode.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/MissingNode.xml.

.. _class_MissingNode:

MissingNode
===========

**Inherits:** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

An internal editor class intended for keeping the data of unrecognized nodes.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

This is an internal editor class intended for keeping data of nodes of unknown type (most likely this type was supplied by an extension that is no longer loaded). It can't be manually instantiated or placed in the scene. Ignore it if you don't know what it is.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`original_class<class_MissingNode_property_original_class>`             |
   +-----------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`     | :ref:`recording_properties<class_MissingNode_property_recording_properties>` |
   +-----------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_MissingNode_property_original_class:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **original_class**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_original_class** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` value **)**
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_original_class** **(** **)**

Returns the name of the type this node was originally.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_MissingNode_property_recording_properties:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **recording_properties**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_recording_properties** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_recording_properties** **(** **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this property. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (bfa866c)

classes/class_missingnode.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/MissingNode.xml.

.. _class_MissingNode:

MissingNode
===========

**Inherits:** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

An internal editor class intended for keeping the data of unrecognized nodes.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

This is an internal editor class intended for keeping data of nodes of unknown type (most likely this type was supplied by an extension that is no longer loaded). It can't be manually instantiated or placed in a scene.

\ **Warning:** Ignore missing nodes unless you know what you are doing. Existing properties on a missing node can be freely modified in code, regardless of the type they are intended to be.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`original_class<class_MissingNode_property_original_class>`             |
   +-----------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`String<class_String>` | :ref:`original_scene<class_MissingNode_property_original_scene>`             |
   +-----------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`     | :ref:`recording_properties<class_MissingNode_property_recording_properties>` |
   +-----------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_MissingNode_property_original_class:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **original_class**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- |void| **set_original_class**\ (\ value\: :ref:`String<class_String>`\ )
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_original_class**\ (\ )

The name of the class this node was supposed to be (see :ref:`Object.get_class<class_Object_method_get_class>`).

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_MissingNode_property_original_scene:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`String<class_String>` **original_scene**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- |void| **set_original_scene**\ (\ value\: :ref:`String<class_String>`\ )
- :ref:`String<class_String>` **get_original_scene**\ (\ )

Returns the path of the scene this node was instance of originally.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_MissingNode_property_recording_properties:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **recording_properties**

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- |void| **set_recording_properties**\ (\ value\: :ref:`bool<class_bool>`\ )
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_recording_properties**\ (\ )

If ``true``, allows new properties to be set along with existing ones. If ``false``, only existing properties' values can be set, and new properties cannot be added.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
.. |void| replace:: :abbr:`void (No return value.)`
