classes/class_inputeventjoypadbutton.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/InputEventJoypadButton.xml.

.. _class_InputEventJoypadButton:

InputEventJoypadButton
======================

**Inherits:** :ref:`InputEvent<class_InputEvent>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Represents a gamepad button being pressed or released.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Input event type for gamepad buttons. For gamepad analog sticks and joysticks, see :ref:`InputEventJoypadMotion<class_InputEventJoypadMotion>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Using InputEvent <../tutorials/inputs/inputevent>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`JoyButton<enum_@GlobalScope_JoyButton>` | :ref:`button_index<class_InputEventJoypadButton_property_button_index>` | ``0``     |
   +-----------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                       | :ref:`pressed<class_InputEventJoypadButton_property_pressed>`           | ``false`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                     | :ref:`pressure<class_InputEventJoypadButton_property_pressure>`         | ``0.0``   |
   +-----------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_InputEventJoypadButton_property_button_index:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`JoyButton<enum_@GlobalScope_JoyButton>` **button_index** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_button_index** **(** :ref:`JoyButton<enum_@GlobalScope_JoyButton>` value **)**
- :ref:`JoyButton<enum_@GlobalScope_JoyButton>` **get_button_index** **(** **)**

Button identifier. One of the :ref:`JoyButton<enum_@GlobalScope_JoyButton>` button constants.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_InputEventJoypadButton_property_pressed:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **pressed** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_pressed** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_pressed** **(** **)**

If ``true``, the button's state is pressed. If ``false``, the button's state is released.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_InputEventJoypadButton_property_pressure:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **pressure** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_pressure** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_pressure** **(** **)**

Represents the pressure the user puts on the button with their finger, if the controller supports it. Ranges from ``0`` to ``1``.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (10e1114)

classes/class_inputeventjoypadbutton.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/InputEventJoypadButton.xml.

.. _class_InputEventJoypadButton:

InputEventJoypadButton
======================

**Inherits:** :ref:`InputEvent<class_InputEvent>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Represents a gamepad button being pressed or released.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Input event type for gamepad buttons. For gamepad analog sticks and joysticks, see :ref:`InputEventJoypadMotion<class_InputEventJoypadMotion>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Using InputEvent <../tutorials/inputs/inputevent>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`JoyButton<enum_@GlobalScope_JoyButton>` | :ref:`button_index<class_InputEventJoypadButton_property_button_index>` | ``0``     |
   +-----------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                       | :ref:`pressed<class_InputEventJoypadButton_property_pressed>`           | ``false`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`float<class_float>`                     | :ref:`pressure<class_InputEventJoypadButton_property_pressure>`         | ``0.0``   |
   +-----------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_InputEventJoypadButton_property_button_index:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`JoyButton<enum_@GlobalScope_JoyButton>` **button_index** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_button_index** **(** :ref:`JoyButton<enum_@GlobalScope_JoyButton>` value **)**
- :ref:`JoyButton<enum_@GlobalScope_JoyButton>` **get_button_index** **(** **)**

Button identifier. One of the :ref:`JoyButton<enum_@GlobalScope_JoyButton>` button constants.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_InputEventJoypadButton_property_pressed:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **pressed** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_pressed** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_pressed** **(** **)**

If ``true``, the button's state is pressed. If ``false``, the button's state is released.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_InputEventJoypadButton_property_pressure:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`float<class_float>` **pressure** = ``0.0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_pressure** **(** :ref:`float<class_float>` value **)**
- :ref:`float<class_float>` **get_pressure** **(** **)**

Represents the pressure the user puts on a pressure-sensitive button.

\ *Deprecated.* This property is never set by the engine and is always ``0``.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
