classes/class_audioeffectrecord.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/AudioEffectRecord.xml.

.. _class_AudioEffectRecord:

AudioEffectRecord
=================

**Inherits:** :ref:`AudioEffect<class_AudioEffect>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Audio effect used for recording the sound from an audio bus.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Allows the user to record the sound from an audio bus. This can include all audio output by Godot when used on the "Master" audio bus.

Can be used (with an :ref:`AudioStreamMicrophone<class_AudioStreamMicrophone>`) to record from a microphone.

It sets and gets the format in which the audio file will be recorded (8-bit, 16-bit, or compressed). It checks whether or not the recording is active, and if it is, records the sound. It then returns the recorded sample.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Recording with microphone <../tutorials/audio/recording_with_microphone>`

- `Audio Mic Record Demo <https://godotengine.org/asset-library/asset/527>`__

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`Format<enum_AudioStreamWAV_Format>` | :ref:`format<class_AudioEffectRecord_property_format>` | ``1`` |
   +-------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+-------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`AudioStreamWAV<class_AudioStreamWAV>` | :ref:`get_recording<class_AudioEffectRecord_method_get_recording>` **(** **)** |const|                                      |
   +---------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                     | :ref:`is_recording_active<class_AudioEffectRecord_method_is_recording_active>` **(** **)** |const|                          |
   +---------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                        | :ref:`set_recording_active<class_AudioEffectRecord_method_set_recording_active>` **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` record **)** |
   +---------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_AudioEffectRecord_property_format:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Format<enum_AudioStreamWAV_Format>` **format** = ``1``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_format** **(** :ref:`Format<enum_AudioStreamWAV_Format>` value **)**
- :ref:`Format<enum_AudioStreamWAV_Format>` **get_format** **(** **)**

Specifies the format in which the sample will be recorded. See :ref:`Format<enum_AudioStreamWAV_Format>` for available formats.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_AudioEffectRecord_method_get_recording:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`AudioStreamWAV<class_AudioStreamWAV>` **get_recording** **(** **)** |const|

Returns the recorded sample.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AudioEffectRecord_method_is_recording_active:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_recording_active** **(** **)** |const|

Returns whether the recording is active or not.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AudioEffectRecord_method_set_recording_active:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **set_recording_active** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` record **)**

If ``true``, the sound will be recorded. Note that restarting the recording will remove the previously recorded sample.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (394508d)

classes/class_audioeffectrecord.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/AudioEffectRecord.xml.

.. _class_AudioEffectRecord:

AudioEffectRecord
=================

**Inherits:** :ref:`AudioEffect<class_AudioEffect>` **<** :ref:`Resource<class_Resource>` **<** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Audio effect used for recording the sound from an audio bus.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Allows the user to record the sound from an audio bus into an :ref:`AudioStreamWAV<class_AudioStreamWAV>`. When used on the "Master" audio bus, this includes all audio output by Godot.

Unlike :ref:`AudioEffectCapture<class_AudioEffectCapture>`, this effect encodes the recording with the given format (8-bit, 16-bit, or compressed) instead of giving access to the raw audio samples.

Can be used (with an :ref:`AudioStreamMicrophone<class_AudioStreamMicrophone>`) to record from a microphone.

\ **Note:** :ref:`ProjectSettings.audio/driver/enable_input<class_ProjectSettings_property_audio/driver/enable_input>` must be ``true`` for audio input to work. See also that setting's description for caveats related to permissions and operating system privacy settings.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Recording with microphone <../tutorials/audio/recording_with_microphone>`

- `Audio Microphone Record Demo <https://godotengine.org/asset-library/asset/2760>`__

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+-------+
   | :ref:`Format<enum_AudioStreamWAV_Format>` | :ref:`format<class_AudioEffectRecord_property_format>` | ``1`` |
   +-------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+-------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`AudioStreamWAV<class_AudioStreamWAV>` | :ref:`get_recording<class_AudioEffectRecord_method_get_recording>`\ (\ ) |const|                                         |
   +---------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                     | :ref:`is_recording_active<class_AudioEffectRecord_method_is_recording_active>`\ (\ ) |const|                             |
   +---------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | |void|                                      | :ref:`set_recording_active<class_AudioEffectRecord_method_set_recording_active>`\ (\ record\: :ref:`bool<class_bool>`\ ) |
   +---------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_AudioEffectRecord_property_format:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`Format<enum_AudioStreamWAV_Format>` **format** = ``1`` :ref:`🔗<class_AudioEffectRecord_property_format>`

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- |void| **set_format**\ (\ value\: :ref:`Format<enum_AudioStreamWAV_Format>`\ )
- :ref:`Format<enum_AudioStreamWAV_Format>` **get_format**\ (\ )

Specifies the format in which the sample will be recorded. See :ref:`Format<enum_AudioStreamWAV_Format>` for available formats.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_AudioEffectRecord_method_get_recording:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`AudioStreamWAV<class_AudioStreamWAV>` **get_recording**\ (\ ) |const| :ref:`🔗<class_AudioEffectRecord_method_get_recording>`

Returns the recorded sample.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AudioEffectRecord_method_is_recording_active:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_recording_active**\ (\ ) |const| :ref:`🔗<class_AudioEffectRecord_method_is_recording_active>`

Returns whether the recording is active or not.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_AudioEffectRecord_method_set_recording_active:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

|void| **set_recording_active**\ (\ record\: :ref:`bool<class_bool>`\ ) :ref:`🔗<class_AudioEffectRecord_method_set_recording_active>`

If ``true``, the sound will be recorded. Note that restarting the recording will remove the previously recorded sample.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
.. |void| replace:: :abbr:`void (No return value.)`
