classes/class_splitcontainer.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/SplitContainer.xml.

.. _class_SplitContainer:

SplitContainer
==============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Container<class_Container>` **<** :ref:`Control<class_Control>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`HSplitContainer<class_HSplitContainer>`, :ref:`VSplitContainer<class_VSplitContainer>`

A container that splits two child controls horizontally or vertically and provides a grabber for adjusting the split ratio.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A container that accepts only two child controls, then arranges them horizontally or vertically and creates a divisor between them. The divisor can be dragged around to change the size relation between the child controls.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Using Containers <../tutorials/ui/gui_containers>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                         | :ref:`collapsed<class_SplitContainer_property_collapsed>`                   | ``false`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`DraggerVisibility<enum_SplitContainer_DraggerVisibility>` | :ref:`dragger_visibility<class_SplitContainer_property_dragger_visibility>` | ``0``     |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                           | :ref:`split_offset<class_SplitContainer_property_split_offset>`             | ``0``     |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                         | :ref:`vertical<class_SplitContainer_property_vertical>`                     | ``false`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void | :ref:`clamp_split_offset<class_SplitContainer_method_clamp_split_offset>` **(** **)** |
   +------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Theme Properties
----------------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`             | :ref:`autohide<class_SplitContainer_theme_constant_autohide>`                             | ``1``  |
   +-----------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`             | :ref:`minimum_grab_thickness<class_SplitContainer_theme_constant_minimum_grab_thickness>` | ``6``  |
   +-----------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`             | :ref:`separation<class_SplitContainer_theme_constant_separation>`                         | ``12`` |
   +-----------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` | :ref:`h_grabber<class_SplitContainer_theme_icon_h_grabber>`                               |        |
   +-----------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` | :ref:`v_grabber<class_SplitContainer_theme_icon_v_grabber>`                               |        |
   +-----------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Signals
-------

.. _class_SplitContainer_signal_dragged:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**dragged** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` offset **)**

Emitted when the dragger is dragged by user.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Enumerations
------------

.. _enum_SplitContainer_DraggerVisibility:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **DraggerVisibility**:

.. _class_SplitContainer_constant_DRAGGER_VISIBLE:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`DraggerVisibility<enum_SplitContainer_DraggerVisibility>` **DRAGGER_VISIBLE** = ``0``

The split dragger is visible when the cursor hovers it.

.. _class_SplitContainer_constant_DRAGGER_HIDDEN:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`DraggerVisibility<enum_SplitContainer_DraggerVisibility>` **DRAGGER_HIDDEN** = ``1``

The split dragger is never visible.

.. _class_SplitContainer_constant_DRAGGER_HIDDEN_COLLAPSED:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`DraggerVisibility<enum_SplitContainer_DraggerVisibility>` **DRAGGER_HIDDEN_COLLAPSED** = ``2``

The split dragger is never visible and its space collapsed.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_SplitContainer_property_collapsed:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **collapsed** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_collapsed** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_collapsed** **(** **)**

If ``true``, the area of the first :ref:`Control<class_Control>` will be collapsed and the dragger will be disabled.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SplitContainer_property_dragger_visibility:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`DraggerVisibility<enum_SplitContainer_DraggerVisibility>` **dragger_visibility** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_dragger_visibility** **(** :ref:`DraggerVisibility<enum_SplitContainer_DraggerVisibility>` value **)**
- :ref:`DraggerVisibility<enum_SplitContainer_DraggerVisibility>` **get_dragger_visibility** **(** **)**

Determines the dragger's visibility. See :ref:`DraggerVisibility<enum_SplitContainer_DraggerVisibility>` for details.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SplitContainer_property_split_offset:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **split_offset** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_split_offset** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_split_offset** **(** **)**

The initial offset of the splitting between the two :ref:`Control<class_Control>`\ s, with ``0`` being at the end of the first :ref:`Control<class_Control>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SplitContainer_property_vertical:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **vertical** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_vertical** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_vertical** **(** **)**

If ``true``, the **SplitContainer** will arrange its children vertically, rather than horizontally.

Can't be changed when using :ref:`HSplitContainer<class_HSplitContainer>` and :ref:`VSplitContainer<class_VSplitContainer>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_SplitContainer_method_clamp_split_offset:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **clamp_split_offset** **(** **)**

Clamps the :ref:`split_offset<class_SplitContainer_property_split_offset>` value to not go outside the currently possible minimal and maximum values.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Theme Property Descriptions
---------------------------

.. _class_SplitContainer_theme_constant_autohide:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **autohide** = ``1``

Boolean value. If 1 (``true``), the grabber will hide automatically when it isn't under the cursor. If 0 (``false``), it's always visible.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SplitContainer_theme_constant_minimum_grab_thickness:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **minimum_grab_thickness** = ``6``

The minimum thickness of the area users can click on to grab the splitting line. If :ref:`separation<class_SplitContainer_theme_constant_separation>` or :ref:`h_grabber<class_SplitContainer_theme_icon_h_grabber>` / :ref:`v_grabber<class_SplitContainer_theme_icon_v_grabber>`'s thickness are too small, this ensure that the splitting line can still be dragged.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SplitContainer_theme_constant_separation:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **separation** = ``12``

The space between sides of the container.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SplitContainer_theme_icon_h_grabber:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` **h_grabber**

The icon used for the grabber drawn in the middle area when :ref:`vertical<class_SplitContainer_property_vertical>` is ``false``.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SplitContainer_theme_icon_v_grabber:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` **v_grabber**

The icon used for the grabber drawn in the middle area when :ref:`vertical<class_SplitContainer_property_vertical>` is ``true``.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (f497156)

classes/class_splitcontainer.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/SplitContainer.xml.

.. _class_SplitContainer:

SplitContainer
==============

**Inherits:** :ref:`Container<class_Container>` **<** :ref:`Control<class_Control>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`HSplitContainer<class_HSplitContainer>`, :ref:`VSplitContainer<class_VSplitContainer>`

A container that splits two child controls horizontally or vertically and provides a grabber for adjusting the split ratio.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

A container that accepts only two child controls, then arranges them horizontally or vertically and creates a divisor between them. The divisor can be dragged around to change the size relation between the child controls.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Using Containers <../tutorials/ui/gui_containers>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                         | :ref:`collapsed<class_SplitContainer_property_collapsed>`                   | ``false`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`DraggerVisibility<enum_SplitContainer_DraggerVisibility>` | :ref:`dragger_visibility<class_SplitContainer_property_dragger_visibility>` | ``0``     |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`                                           | :ref:`split_offset<class_SplitContainer_property_split_offset>`             | ``0``     |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                         | :ref:`vertical<class_SplitContainer_property_vertical>`                     | ``false`` |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void | :ref:`clamp_split_offset<class_SplitContainer_method_clamp_split_offset>` **(** **)** |
   +------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Theme Properties
----------------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`             | :ref:`autohide<class_SplitContainer_theme_constant_autohide>`                             | ``1``  |
   +-----------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`             | :ref:`minimum_grab_thickness<class_SplitContainer_theme_constant_minimum_grab_thickness>` | ``6``  |
   +-----------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`int<class_int>`             | :ref:`separation<class_SplitContainer_theme_constant_separation>`                         | ``12`` |
   +-----------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` | :ref:`grabber<class_SplitContainer_theme_icon_grabber>`                                   |        |
   +-----------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` | :ref:`h_grabber<class_SplitContainer_theme_icon_h_grabber>`                               |        |
   +-----------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+
   | :ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` | :ref:`v_grabber<class_SplitContainer_theme_icon_v_grabber>`                               |        |
   +-----------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Signals
-------

.. _class_SplitContainer_signal_dragged:

.. rst-class:: classref-signal

**dragged** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` offset **)**

Emitted when the dragger is dragged by user.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Enumerations
------------

.. _enum_SplitContainer_DraggerVisibility:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration

enum **DraggerVisibility**:

.. _class_SplitContainer_constant_DRAGGER_VISIBLE:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`DraggerVisibility<enum_SplitContainer_DraggerVisibility>` **DRAGGER_VISIBLE** = ``0``

The split dragger is visible when the cursor hovers it.

.. _class_SplitContainer_constant_DRAGGER_HIDDEN:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`DraggerVisibility<enum_SplitContainer_DraggerVisibility>` **DRAGGER_HIDDEN** = ``1``

The split dragger is never visible.

.. _class_SplitContainer_constant_DRAGGER_HIDDEN_COLLAPSED:

.. rst-class:: classref-enumeration-constant

:ref:`DraggerVisibility<enum_SplitContainer_DraggerVisibility>` **DRAGGER_HIDDEN_COLLAPSED** = ``2``

The split dragger is never visible and its space collapsed.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Property Descriptions
---------------------

.. _class_SplitContainer_property_collapsed:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **collapsed** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_collapsed** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_collapsed** **(** **)**

If ``true``, the area of the first :ref:`Control<class_Control>` will be collapsed and the dragger will be disabled.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SplitContainer_property_dragger_visibility:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`DraggerVisibility<enum_SplitContainer_DraggerVisibility>` **dragger_visibility** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_dragger_visibility** **(** :ref:`DraggerVisibility<enum_SplitContainer_DraggerVisibility>` value **)**
- :ref:`DraggerVisibility<enum_SplitContainer_DraggerVisibility>` **get_dragger_visibility** **(** **)**

Determines the dragger's visibility. See :ref:`DraggerVisibility<enum_SplitContainer_DraggerVisibility>` for details.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SplitContainer_property_split_offset:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`int<class_int>` **split_offset** = ``0``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_split_offset** **(** :ref:`int<class_int>` value **)**
- :ref:`int<class_int>` **get_split_offset** **(** **)**

The initial offset of the splitting between the two :ref:`Control<class_Control>`\ s, with ``0`` being at the end of the first :ref:`Control<class_Control>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SplitContainer_property_vertical:

.. rst-class:: classref-property

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **vertical** = ``false``

.. rst-class:: classref-property-setget

- void **set_vertical** **(** :ref:`bool<class_bool>` value **)**
- :ref:`bool<class_bool>` **is_vertical** **(** **)**

If ``true``, the **SplitContainer** will arrange its children vertically, rather than horizontally.

Can't be changed when using :ref:`HSplitContainer<class_HSplitContainer>` and :ref:`VSplitContainer<class_VSplitContainer>`.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_SplitContainer_method_clamp_split_offset:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **clamp_split_offset** **(** **)**

Clamps the :ref:`split_offset<class_SplitContainer_property_split_offset>` value to not go outside the currently possible minimal and maximum values.

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Theme Property Descriptions
---------------------------

.. _class_SplitContainer_theme_constant_autohide:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **autohide** = ``1``

Boolean value. If 1 (``true``), the grabber will hide automatically when it isn't under the cursor. If 0 (``false``), it's always visible.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SplitContainer_theme_constant_minimum_grab_thickness:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **minimum_grab_thickness** = ``6``

The minimum thickness of the area users can click on to grab the splitting line. If :ref:`separation<class_SplitContainer_theme_constant_separation>` or :ref:`h_grabber<class_SplitContainer_theme_icon_h_grabber>` / :ref:`v_grabber<class_SplitContainer_theme_icon_v_grabber>`'s thickness are too small, this ensure that the splitting line can still be dragged.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SplitContainer_theme_constant_separation:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`int<class_int>` **separation** = ``12``

The space between sides of the container.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SplitContainer_theme_icon_grabber:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` **grabber**

The icon used for the grabber drawn in the middle area.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SplitContainer_theme_icon_h_grabber:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` **h_grabber**

The icon used for the grabber drawn in the middle area when :ref:`vertical<class_SplitContainer_property_vertical>` is ``false``.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_SplitContainer_theme_icon_v_grabber:

.. rst-class:: classref-themeproperty

:ref:`Texture2D<class_Texture2D>` **v_grabber**

The icon used for the grabber drawn in the middle area when :ref:`vertical<class_SplitContainer_property_vertical>` is ``true``.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
