classes/class_javaclasswrapper.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/JavaClassWrapper.xml.

.. _class_JavaClassWrapper:

JavaClassWrapper
================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this class. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`JavaClass<class_JavaClass>` | :ref:`wrap<class_JavaClassWrapper_method_wrap>` **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` name **)** |
   +-----------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_JavaClassWrapper_method_wrap:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`JavaClass<class_JavaClass>` **wrap** **(** :ref:`String<class_String>` name **)**

.. container:: contribute

	There is currently no description for this method. Please help us by :ref:`contributing one <doc_updating_the_class_reference>`!

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (b97110c)

classes/class_javaclasswrapper.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/JavaClassWrapper.xml.

.. _class_JavaClassWrapper:

JavaClassWrapper
================

**Inherits:** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Provides access to the Java Native Interface.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

The JavaClassWrapper singleton provides a way for the Godot application to send and receive data through the `Java Native Interface <https://developer.android.com/training/articles/perf-jni>`__ (JNI).

\ **Note:** This singleton is only available in Android builds.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`JavaClass<class_JavaClass>` | :ref:`wrap<class_JavaClassWrapper_method_wrap>`\ (\ name\: :ref:`String<class_String>`\ ) |
   +-----------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_JavaClassWrapper_method_wrap:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`JavaClass<class_JavaClass>` **wrap**\ (\ name\: :ref:`String<class_String>`\ ) :ref:`🔗<class_JavaClassWrapper_method_wrap>`

Wraps a class defined in Java, and returns it as a :ref:`JavaClass<class_JavaClass>` :ref:`Object<class_Object>` type that Godot can interact with.

\ **Note:** This method only works on Android. On every other platform, this method does nothing and returns an empty :ref:`JavaClass<class_JavaClass>`.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
.. |void| replace:: :abbr:`void (No return value.)`
