classes/class_physicsbody2d.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/PhysicsBody2D.xml.

.. _class_PhysicsBody2D:

PhysicsBody2D
=============

**Inherits:** :ref:`CollisionObject2D<class_CollisionObject2D>` **<** :ref:`Node2D<class_Node2D>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`CharacterBody2D<class_CharacterBody2D>`, :ref:`RigidBody2D<class_RigidBody2D>`, :ref:`StaticBody2D<class_StaticBody2D>`

Abstract base class for 2D game objects affected by physics.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

**PhysicsBody2D** is an abstract base class for 2D game objects affected by physics. All 2D physics bodies inherit from it.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Physics introduction <../tutorials/physics/physics_introduction>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | input_pickable | ``false`` (overrides :ref:`CollisionObject2D<class_CollisionObject2D_property_input_pickable>`) |
   +-------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                                    | :ref:`add_collision_exception_with<class_PhysicsBody2D_method_add_collision_exception_with>` **(** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` body **)**                                                                                                                                                                                        |
   +---------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`PhysicsBody2D[]<class_PhysicsBody2D>`             | :ref:`get_collision_exceptions<class_PhysicsBody2D_method_get_collision_exceptions>` **(** **)**                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
   +---------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`KinematicCollision2D<class_KinematicCollision2D>` | :ref:`move_and_collide<class_PhysicsBody2D_method_move_and_collide>` **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` test_only=false, :ref:`float<class_float>` safe_margin=0.08, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` recovery_as_collision=false **)**                                                              |
   +---------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                                    | :ref:`remove_collision_exception_with<class_PhysicsBody2D_method_remove_collision_exception_with>` **(** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` body **)**                                                                                                                                                                                  |
   +---------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                 | :ref:`test_move<class_PhysicsBody2D_method_test_move>` **(** :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` from, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`KinematicCollision2D<class_KinematicCollision2D>` collision=null, :ref:`float<class_float>` safe_margin=0.08, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` recovery_as_collision=false **)** |
   +---------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_PhysicsBody2D_method_add_collision_exception_with:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_collision_exception_with** **(** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` body **)**

Adds a body to the list of bodies that this body can't collide with.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsBody2D_method_get_collision_exceptions:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`PhysicsBody2D[]<class_PhysicsBody2D>` **get_collision_exceptions** **(** **)**

Returns an array of nodes that were added as collision exceptions for this body.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsBody2D_method_move_and_collide:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`KinematicCollision2D<class_KinematicCollision2D>` **move_and_collide** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` test_only=false, :ref:`float<class_float>` safe_margin=0.08, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` recovery_as_collision=false **)**

Moves the body along the vector ``motion``. In order to be frame rate independent in :ref:`Node._physics_process<class_Node_method__physics_process>` or :ref:`Node._process<class_Node_method__process>`, ``motion`` should be computed using ``delta``.

Returns a :ref:`KinematicCollision2D<class_KinematicCollision2D>`, which contains information about the collision when stopped, or when touching another body along the motion.

If ``test_only`` is ``true``, the body does not move but the would-be collision information is given.

\ ``safe_margin`` is the extra margin used for collision recovery (see :ref:`CharacterBody2D.safe_margin<class_CharacterBody2D_property_safe_margin>` for more details).

If ``recovery_as_collision`` is ``true``, any depenetration from the recovery phase is also reported as a collision; this is used e.g. by :ref:`CharacterBody2D<class_CharacterBody2D>` for improving floor detection during floor snapping.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsBody2D_method_remove_collision_exception_with:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **remove_collision_exception_with** **(** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` body **)**

Removes a body from the list of bodies that this body can't collide with.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsBody2D_method_test_move:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **test_move** **(** :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` from, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`KinematicCollision2D<class_KinematicCollision2D>` collision=null, :ref:`float<class_float>` safe_margin=0.08, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` recovery_as_collision=false **)**

Checks for collisions without moving the body. In order to be frame rate independent in :ref:`Node._physics_process<class_Node_method__physics_process>` or :ref:`Node._process<class_Node_method__process>`, ``motion`` should be computed using ``delta``.

Virtually sets the node's position, scale and rotation to that of the given :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>`, then tries to move the body along the vector ``motion``. Returns ``true`` if a collision would stop the body from moving along the whole path.

\ ``collision`` is an optional object of type :ref:`KinematicCollision2D<class_KinematicCollision2D>`, which contains additional information about the collision when stopped, or when touching another body along the motion.

\ ``safe_margin`` is the extra margin used for collision recovery (see :ref:`CharacterBody2D.safe_margin<class_CharacterBody2D_property_safe_margin>` for more details).

If ``recovery_as_collision`` is ``true``, any depenetration from the recovery phase is also reported as a collision; this is useful for checking whether the body would *touch* any other bodies.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (8ff8216)

classes/class_physicsbody2d.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/PhysicsBody2D.xml.

.. _class_PhysicsBody2D:

PhysicsBody2D
=============

**Inherits:** :ref:`CollisionObject2D<class_CollisionObject2D>` **<** :ref:`Node2D<class_Node2D>` **<** :ref:`CanvasItem<class_CanvasItem>` **<** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

**Inherited By:** :ref:`CharacterBody2D<class_CharacterBody2D>`, :ref:`RigidBody2D<class_RigidBody2D>`, :ref:`StaticBody2D<class_StaticBody2D>`

Abstract base class for 2D game objects affected by physics.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

**PhysicsBody2D** is an abstract base class for 2D game objects affected by physics. All 2D physics bodies inherit from it.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Tutorials
---------

- :doc:`Physics introduction <../tutorials/physics/physics_introduction>`

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Properties
----------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>` | input_pickable | ``false`` (overrides :ref:`CollisionObject2D<class_CollisionObject2D_property_input_pickable>`) |
   +-------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +---------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                                    | :ref:`add_collision_exception_with<class_PhysicsBody2D_method_add_collision_exception_with>` **(** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` body **)**                                                                                                                                                                                        |
   +---------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`PhysicsBody2D[]<class_PhysicsBody2D>`             | :ref:`get_collision_exceptions<class_PhysicsBody2D_method_get_collision_exceptions>` **(** **)**                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
   +---------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>`                           | :ref:`get_gravity<class_PhysicsBody2D_method_get_gravity>` **(** **)** |const|                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
   +---------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`KinematicCollision2D<class_KinematicCollision2D>` | :ref:`move_and_collide<class_PhysicsBody2D_method_move_and_collide>` **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` test_only=false, :ref:`float<class_float>` safe_margin=0.08, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` recovery_as_collision=false **)**                                                              |
   +---------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                                    | :ref:`remove_collision_exception_with<class_PhysicsBody2D_method_remove_collision_exception_with>` **(** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` body **)**                                                                                                                                                                                  |
   +---------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`bool<class_bool>`                                 | :ref:`test_move<class_PhysicsBody2D_method_test_move>` **(** :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` from, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`KinematicCollision2D<class_KinematicCollision2D>` collision=null, :ref:`float<class_float>` safe_margin=0.08, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` recovery_as_collision=false **)** |
   +---------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_PhysicsBody2D_method_add_collision_exception_with:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_collision_exception_with** **(** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` body **)**

Adds a body to the list of bodies that this body can't collide with.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsBody2D_method_get_collision_exceptions:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`PhysicsBody2D[]<class_PhysicsBody2D>` **get_collision_exceptions** **(** **)**

Returns an array of nodes that were added as collision exceptions for this body.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsBody2D_method_get_gravity:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **get_gravity** **(** **)** |const|

Returns the gravity vector computed from all sources that can affect the body, including all gravity overrides from :ref:`Area2D<class_Area2D>` nodes and the global world gravity.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsBody2D_method_move_and_collide:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`KinematicCollision2D<class_KinematicCollision2D>` **move_and_collide** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` test_only=false, :ref:`float<class_float>` safe_margin=0.08, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` recovery_as_collision=false **)**

Moves the body along the vector ``motion``. In order to be frame rate independent in :ref:`Node._physics_process<class_Node_private_method__physics_process>` or :ref:`Node._process<class_Node_private_method__process>`, ``motion`` should be computed using ``delta``.

Returns a :ref:`KinematicCollision2D<class_KinematicCollision2D>`, which contains information about the collision when stopped, or when touching another body along the motion.

If ``test_only`` is ``true``, the body does not move but the would-be collision information is given.

\ ``safe_margin`` is the extra margin used for collision recovery (see :ref:`CharacterBody2D.safe_margin<class_CharacterBody2D_property_safe_margin>` for more details).

If ``recovery_as_collision`` is ``true``, any depenetration from the recovery phase is also reported as a collision; this is used e.g. by :ref:`CharacterBody2D<class_CharacterBody2D>` for improving floor detection during floor snapping.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsBody2D_method_remove_collision_exception_with:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **remove_collision_exception_with** **(** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` body **)**

Removes a body from the list of bodies that this body can't collide with.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_PhysicsBody2D_method_test_move:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`bool<class_bool>` **test_move** **(** :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>` from, :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` motion, :ref:`KinematicCollision2D<class_KinematicCollision2D>` collision=null, :ref:`float<class_float>` safe_margin=0.08, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` recovery_as_collision=false **)**

Checks for collisions without moving the body. In order to be frame rate independent in :ref:`Node._physics_process<class_Node_private_method__physics_process>` or :ref:`Node._process<class_Node_private_method__process>`, ``motion`` should be computed using ``delta``.

Virtually sets the node's position, scale and rotation to that of the given :ref:`Transform2D<class_Transform2D>`, then tries to move the body along the vector ``motion``. Returns ``true`` if a collision would stop the body from moving along the whole path.

\ ``collision`` is an optional object of type :ref:`KinematicCollision2D<class_KinematicCollision2D>`, which contains additional information about the collision when stopped, or when touching another body along the motion.

\ ``safe_margin`` is the extra margin used for collision recovery (see :ref:`CharacterBody2D.safe_margin<class_CharacterBody2D_property_safe_margin>` for more details).

If ``recovery_as_collision`` is ``true``, any depenetration from the recovery phase is also reported as a collision; this is useful for checking whether the body would *touch* any other bodies.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
