classes/class_editorscript.rst, before:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/EditorScript.xml.

.. _class_EditorScript:

EditorScript
============

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Base script that can be used to add extension functions to the editor.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Scripts extending this class and implementing its :ref:`_run<class_EditorScript_method__run>` method can be executed from the Script Editor's **File > Run** menu option (or by pressing :kbd:`Ctrl + Shift + X`) while the editor is running. This is useful for adding custom in-editor functionality to Godot. For more complex additions, consider using :ref:`EditorPlugin<class_EditorPlugin>`\ s instead.

\ **Note:** Extending scripts need to have ``tool`` mode enabled.

\ **Example script:**\ 


.. tabs::

 .. code-tab:: gdscript

    @tool
    extends EditorScript
    
    func _run():
        print("Hello from the Godot Editor!")

 .. code-tab:: csharp

    using Godot;
    
    [Tool]
    public partial class HelloEditor : EditorScript
    {
        public override void _Run()
        {
            GD.Print("Hello from the Godot Editor!");
        }
    }



\ **Note:** The script is run in the Editor context, which means the output is visible in the console window started with the Editor (stdout) instead of the usual Godot **Output** dock.

\ **Note:** EditorScript is :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>`, meaning it is destroyed when nothing references it. This can cause errors during asynchronous operations if there are no references to the script.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                          | :ref:`_run<class_EditorScript_method__run>` **(** **)** |virtual|                                      |
   +-----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | void                                          | :ref:`add_root_node<class_EditorScript_method_add_root_node>` **(** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` node **)** |
   +-----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`EditorInterface<class_EditorInterface>` | :ref:`get_editor_interface<class_EditorScript_method_get_editor_interface>` **(** **)** |const|        |
   +-----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Node<class_Node>`                       | :ref:`get_scene<class_EditorScript_method_get_scene>` **(** **)** |const|                              |
   +-----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_EditorScript_method__run:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **_run** **(** **)** |virtual|

This method is executed by the Editor when **File > Run** is used.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorScript_method_add_root_node:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

void **add_root_node** **(** :ref:`Node<class_Node>` node **)**

Adds ``node`` as a child of the root node in the editor context.

\ **Warning:** The implementation of this method is currently disabled.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorScript_method_get_editor_interface:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`EditorInterface<class_EditorInterface>` **get_editor_interface** **(** **)** |const|

Returns the :ref:`EditorInterface<class_EditorInterface>` singleton instance.

\ *Deprecated.* :ref:`EditorInterface<class_EditorInterface>` is a global singleton and can be accessed directly by its name.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorScript_method_get_scene:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Node<class_Node>` **get_scene** **(** **)** |const|

Returns the Editor's currently active scene.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`

Commit message:

classref: Sync with current master branch (3978628)

classes/class_editorscript.rst, after:

:github_url: hide

.. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!
.. Generated automatically from Godot engine sources.
.. Generator: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/tools/make_rst.py.
.. XML source: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/doc/classes/EditorScript.xml.

.. _class_EditorScript:

EditorScript
============

**Inherits:** :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>` **<** :ref:`Object<class_Object>`

Base script that can be used to add extension functions to the editor.

.. rst-class:: classref-introduction-group

Description
-----------

Scripts extending this class and implementing its :ref:`_run<class_EditorScript_private_method__run>` method can be executed from the Script Editor's **File > Run** menu option (or by pressing :kbd:`Ctrl + Shift + X`) while the editor is running. This is useful for adding custom in-editor functionality to Godot. For more complex additions, consider using :ref:`EditorPlugin<class_EditorPlugin>`\ s instead.

\ **Note:** Extending scripts need to have ``tool`` mode enabled.

\ **Example script:**\ 


.. tabs::

 .. code-tab:: gdscript

    @tool
    extends EditorScript
    
    func _run():
        print("Hello from the Godot Editor!")

 .. code-tab:: csharp

    using Godot;
    
    [Tool]
    public partial class HelloEditor : EditorScript
    {
        public override void _Run()
        {
            GD.Print("Hello from the Godot Editor!");
        }
    }



\ **Note:** The script is run in the Editor context, which means the output is visible in the console window started with the Editor (stdout) instead of the usual Godot **Output** dock.

\ **Note:** EditorScript is :ref:`RefCounted<class_RefCounted>`, meaning it is destroyed when nothing references it. This can cause errors during asynchronous operations if there are no references to the script.

.. rst-class:: classref-reftable-group

Methods
-------

.. table::
   :widths: auto

   +-----------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | |void|                                        | :ref:`_run<class_EditorScript_private_method__run>`\ (\ ) |virtual|                                 |
   +-----------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | |void|                                        | :ref:`add_root_node<class_EditorScript_method_add_root_node>`\ (\ node\: :ref:`Node<class_Node>`\ ) |
   +-----------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`EditorInterface<class_EditorInterface>` | :ref:`get_editor_interface<class_EditorScript_method_get_editor_interface>`\ (\ ) |const|           |
   +-----------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | :ref:`Node<class_Node>`                       | :ref:`get_scene<class_EditorScript_method_get_scene>`\ (\ ) |const|                                 |
   +-----------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. rst-class:: classref-section-separator

----

.. rst-class:: classref-descriptions-group

Method Descriptions
-------------------

.. _class_EditorScript_private_method__run:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

|void| **_run**\ (\ ) |virtual| :ref:`🔗<class_EditorScript_private_method__run>`

This method is executed by the Editor when **File > Run** is used.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorScript_method_add_root_node:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

|void| **add_root_node**\ (\ node\: :ref:`Node<class_Node>`\ ) :ref:`🔗<class_EditorScript_method_add_root_node>`

Makes ``node`` root of the currently opened scene. Only works if the scene is empty. If the ``node`` is a scene instance, an inheriting scene will be created.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorScript_method_get_editor_interface:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`EditorInterface<class_EditorInterface>` **get_editor_interface**\ (\ ) |const| :ref:`🔗<class_EditorScript_method_get_editor_interface>`

**Deprecated:** :ref:`EditorInterface<class_EditorInterface>` is a global singleton and can be accessed directly by its name.

Returns the :ref:`EditorInterface<class_EditorInterface>` singleton instance.

.. rst-class:: classref-item-separator

----

.. _class_EditorScript_method_get_scene:

.. rst-class:: classref-method

:ref:`Node<class_Node>` **get_scene**\ (\ ) |const| :ref:`🔗<class_EditorScript_method_get_scene>`

Returns the edited (current) scene's root :ref:`Node<class_Node>`. Equivalent of :ref:`EditorInterface.get_edited_scene_root<class_EditorInterface_method_get_edited_scene_root>`.

.. |virtual| replace:: :abbr:`virtual (This method should typically be overridden by the user to have any effect.)`
.. |const| replace:: :abbr:`const (This method has no side effects. It doesn't modify any of the instance's member variables.)`
.. |vararg| replace:: :abbr:`vararg (This method accepts any number of arguments after the ones described here.)`
.. |constructor| replace:: :abbr:`constructor (This method is used to construct a type.)`
.. |static| replace:: :abbr:`static (This method doesn't need an instance to be called, so it can be called directly using the class name.)`
.. |operator| replace:: :abbr:`operator (This method describes a valid operator to use with this type as left-hand operand.)`
.. |bitfield| replace:: :abbr:`BitField (This value is an integer composed as a bitmask of the following flags.)`
.. |void| replace:: :abbr:`void (No return value.)`
